why are you here
Do you know you are a brown villager?
Whether you are a brown villager or not
Anyway, I will follow you all my life.
where you go where i go
Big deal I will disband the gang to vent my anger on you
Although the incident that year had little to do with me
But it's Emei's fault anyway.
So I have to atone for that year's incident.
Help you get revenge
But I took advantage of you before
Just to get the knife to secret immortality
Also lies to you about traces regardless of the precedent
From the results see
You helped Emei save the Beg Gang
So even if you are a hypocrite
Always be a hypocrite
We don't care anymore
I know inside you are always a gentle and kind person.
It's just that the pressure of revenge is so great that you can't breathe.
The rest we two will take care of for you.
Um, I understand what you both mean.
Actually, me hugging you two for a bit can make me cry for the rest of my life.
Oh, okay.
Oh, still a pair of bad karma ducks ha ha ha before I die I'll let us both relax a bit
I give you six powers
If you don't follow, we will kill first and rape later.
Hey hey you still want to die
Then I will satisfy you
Let me run one more lap
Okay.
Next, is it just necessary to prove that the leader was killed by To Truong Tung?
Is he finished?
But we must know the history of this pen first.
If we don't say anything, no one will believe us, so this model must be a valve training weapon.